This library, called the TASP_VSIPLcore library is an implementation of 
a VSIP Library (Vector/Signal/Image Processing Library) as defined 
by the VSIPL Forum for a CORE profile. This is not the VSIPL Reference 
library being developed by HRL,LLC as part of there contract with DARPA. 
Although the people working on the TASP_VSIPL library are involved with the 
VSIPL Forum, the library implementation is not controlled or designed by any 
consensus of the forum, other than the need to strive for compliance to the 
VSIPL specification.

The TASP_VSIPL library is an effort to produce a VSIPL library suitable for 
demonstration and early development and testing of VSIPL code and ideas. It is 
based upon the pre-alpha version of Reference code produced by Hughes Research 
Lab, and released to forum members in December, 1997. Note that Hughes 
Research Lab has since changed its name to HRL, LLC as the result of 
reorganizations and other changes. The TASP_VSIPL library has undergone major 
changes from the original Reference code upon which it was based, and bears 
little resemblance to either the original Reference code or the current 
Reference code.

The Tactical Advanced Signal Processing Common Operating Environment (TASP 
COE) effort is striving to produce a common operating environment for signal 
processing throughout the Navy and DOD for the COTS environment. VSIPL is 
thought by TASP to have a good chance of becoming a standard signal processing 
library for many vendors who supply DOD high performance computing products. 
For this reason TASP is supporting the VSIPL effort. This library is part of 
that support effort, and funding for the continuing development of the 
TASP_VSIPL demonstration library is mostly from that effort. (PMS 411, Jim 
Broughton).

It is the intent of the TASP VSIPL library effort to produce code suitable for 
use on any platform supporting an ANSI C compiler. A primary goal of this 
implementation is to get code into the hands of users at the earliest 
opportunity. As such the user should view any results with scepticism and 
should perform as many "feel good tests" as possible.

The TASP VSIPL code is required to be freely available for any use. The primary 
author is a Government Employee, and his work on VSIPL has been released to the 
public. Other code, produced by people who are not employed by the Government, 
have a Copyright statement which allows free use of the code, except that the 
Copyright must be included. Any party may donate code to the library, but they 
must include a similar copyright in order for the code to be included in the 
TASP version of the VSIPL library.

For more information contact
Randall Judd
Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center, San Diego, Code D881
619 553 3086
judd@spawar.navy.mil
