How to compile

To make a performance version use "make".
To make a development version use "make development"

NOTE:
If you want to make both versions be sure to do a make clean between them.
My makefile does not recognize what version .o files are available, and if
they are already there it will use the previous make versions for the
new library.

Note that I have concentrated on the performance version, and the 
development version is only what I inherited from the December 97
Reference version. I have tried to keep up what is there, but have not
done true development mode for any new code. With all the changes, I am
not sure how much good development mode is right now. 

If you have not had any troubles you should be able to go to the
CoreExamples directory and make a couple of examples to see how things
work. If your having trouble let me know.

The performance library is
libvsip_c

The development library is
libDvsip_c

libVU_c are some utility functions to help with printing and reading data
files. They are vsip user code (VU) and should run with any implementation
assuming the system supports a printf function.  Include VU.h to use. You need
this library to run many of the examples. It should be made with everything else
if you make from the top level VSIPL directory.

A new directory from the last release is the testing directory. This is a bunch
of test routines designed to at least give you a good feeling that the library works
for most stuff. The library should be generic for any ANSI C platform, but I have found
some strange bugs that sometimes don't show up on every platform. So it is a good idea to
run the test once to see if any 'error's show up.
Read readmes internal to the testing routines for more information.  Everything is not 
tested yet. Maybe someday.

The manual is not current, and does not have final changes made to the final
specification. See VSIPL documents on web for more complete descriptions. I will
update my manual as time permits.

For a (public) header file use vsip.h

                  Randy Judd
                  judd@spawar.navy.mil
                  619 553 3086

Randall Judd is a US government employee. This work has been released to the Public with Distribution A.
